c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.exe
c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.pdb
c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Form1.resources
c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.exe
c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.pdb
c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Forms.Ribbon35.dll
c:\users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Form2.resources
C:\Users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.OgrenciKayit.resources
C:\Users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.BasariListesi.resources
C:\Users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.OgrenciBilgileri.resources
C:\Users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.NotGirisi.resources
C:\Users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.PersonelBilgileri.resources
C:\Users\gozde\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.PersonelKayit.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.DAL.dll
C:\Users\gozde\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Entity.dll
C:\Users\gozde\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\gozde\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\gozde\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.SinifKaydet.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.exe
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.pdb
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.DAL.dll
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Entity.dll
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Forms.Ribbon35.dll
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Entity.pdb
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.BasariListesi.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.OgrenciBilgileri.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.OgrenciKayit.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.NotGirisi.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.PersonelBilgileri.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.PersonelKayit.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.SinifKaydet.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.exe
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.pdb
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.KullaniciGiris.resources
C:\Users\gozde\Source\Workspaces\Workspace\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.AnaSayfa.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.exe
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.pdb
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.DAL.dll
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Entity.dll
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.DAL.pdb
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Entity.pdb
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.BasariListesi.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.KullaniciGiris.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.AnaSayfa.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.OgrenciBilgileri.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.OgrenciKayit.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.NotGirisi.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.PersonelBilgileri.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.PersonelKayit.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.SinifKaydet.resources
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.exe
F:\DershaneOtomasyonu\DershaneOtomasyonu\obj\Debug\DershaneOtomasyonu.pdb
